okay guys it's time that I tell you what
my life looks like exactly two and a
half years ago
the great half years ago I was sitting
back in teen readers Berg in my office
we rented this office for exactly $400 a
month and I was training my company
called MP education which was a study
abroad booking agency and everything was
really really bad so we started
investing in our online business
language rip and we didn't have money I
had to live on hundred bucks a month
which was okay because I was staying
with my parents and I was staying there
flat and my mom gave me her card circus
goes to the office every day but at the
same time I was boasting and that on
Russians graceless to rent out the table
that we had in the office because one
month and it was December 2014 I
realized that we would not be able to
pay for the whole office in January
[Music]
also 2014 was the year when I realized
that I have to do something with my life
I was 24 back then and it was like this
is not going anywhere in my business
it's about shut down because we didn't
generate enough revenues I wasn't sure
about the future of linguae trip because
it was meeting with masters who would
tell me that I have to give up my
business
[Music]
know what 14 my parents sent me to the
UK for the first time to practice my
English and I was so sure that I was
proficient in English because we had at
a school in Russia and I was like wow
while we do why would I need to go to
the UK but on the first day when I came
there I realized that my my language my
English has nothing to do with a real
language because when the guy at the
customs asked me why was I in the UK I
didn't even get what he said and during
my first day at school I wasn't able to
communicate with anyone I felt like an
outsider I felt like this kid that
nobody wants to talk to and this was
psychologically very difficult for me
because at school I like to you know
communicate with all my classmates and I
realized like wow I don't really speak
the language and when I came back after
this trip and only helped me with
language I also completely changed my
view on the whole world so for that I
wasn't Russia and I thought the world
it's just like Russia so everybody
wanted to study economics so long
everybody wanted to work for gas room
which is the largest company in Russia
and I thought I'm going to follow the
same path and I don't have the capacity
different when I went to the east gate I
met those people who are like oh I want
to be an animal doctor oh I wanted
someone company oh I don't want to go to
the university I want to go to Nigeria
to volunteer and I realized there's the
whole different world which completely
changed my perspective what I wanted
and when I was 14 I got this dream that
I want to be an entrepreneur and also
another thing that I understood when I
came back I was like why some people go
and study abroad why do they go - I
don't know island playing the beach
when I came back to Russia my life
changed completely
I realized that I need to learn English
and I realized I want to be this
international person that is not taught
in her own little world thinking that
everybody is the same and everybody has
to follow the same path I wanted to go
out there and spread the word about
amazing things that are happening around
the world and about the opportunity that
people have to travel and learn other
cultures
[Music]
so when I came back from the UK I
realized that I have to learn languages
I have to do my best in order to be able
to travel and study abroad but because
my parents didn't have a lot of money I
realized that I won't be able to study
in the UK which was my dream back then
that was like the last ding ding dong in
my life when I realized yes so totally
I'm doing some things that is making me
a citizen of the world I want to travel
I want to do things and yeah well you
know my story probably I live a couple
of links below to my videos about how I
started my business but yeah then I
started my business and that is so funny
how life can change in two and a half
years so yeah today I'm like sitting in
San Francisco running my company the
message of this video will be guys if
you have something in your mind like
becoming an international person
learning languages spreading the word
about something that you love
don't betray your dream you won't be
able to achieve everything just straight
away like I'm so happy I didn't give up
when things were really bad in 2014
I'm so happy I had my co-founders with
me who were really supportive and who
were telling me that
we're going to make it it's okay if you
have your ups and downs I'm reading this
Richard Branson book right now
I think it's losing virginity book and
he's talking how he was almost broke how
he had this step with a bank and he
couldn't pay back but somehow because he
believed in what he was doing he was
able to become who he is now it started
raining in San Francisco like I'm
getting so wet but I love this part we
stopped please stop
[Music]
thank you guys for watching this video
after the end and if you're still
watching it please like it it's very
important for me to see that you're
interested in what I'm saying and if you
could share like your big goal with me
what are you dreaming about say it
allows say it in the comment that's
really important once you say things
aloud yes you make them more real don't
be afraid I think it's really important
for both of us
for you and me to hear what you want to
do oh and by the way I'm going to go
live this weekend so there's this small
ring below the video if you press it
then YouTube will notify you when I will
go live and you would be able to ask
question online which is great right I
think it's going to happen this weekend
but I'm not sure about the day and time
yeah please ask youtube to notify you
when I go like okay thanks so much
hope you guys
and